	The main character is on the ARC Endurance for the past couple of weeks. He was really getting the hang of the physical labor that marine engineers needed. Then a new engineer showed on the ship to relieve the last guy – he’s his senior from school, so they get along and learn together. One task led them to cleaning some fuel strainers for the generators on the ship. The third engineer shut a valve near the strainers and walked away. MC reopened the valve since the past two weeks he learned the importance of that valve staying open to keep the fuel warm, but didn’t say anything since he didn’t want to embarrass the third engineer. Then the team disassembled the fuel strainer. Point of no return – the strainers started spraying high temperature, heavy fuel oil all over their faces and then engine room. Alarms came in, people didn’t realize the stakes of the situation, until it was too late and the Chief engineer fixed everything by shutting the valve the MC opened. After coming clean with the reasoning to reopen the valve and a short blame on the third engineer, the MC cleaned the HFO all over the engine room for the next two days of work. (Pause to come back?) He used diesel oil to help clean the engine room’s HFO and sat in the oils for days.
	(Show contrast through book smarts) The MC goes to a sailing school with prestige, but a lot of people don’t treat it the same way he does. He does classes and is on the teacher’s good side, especially a mentor-teacher. He has his hobbies that he’s particular about. He has hockey which just recently had a problem with the freshmen that he has to deal with (how to open?). Good friends, life-style with regiment, etc. Leadership responsibilities are getting the best of him, he’s not the best at that, but tries hard. It starts to accumulate with all the stress in his daily workouts, classes, hobbies, and leadership until the big day where he’s in charge of the barrack’s inspection. Running up and down floors, he makes it happen, then he finally gets a breather and makes the decision to head to the clinic and finds himself in the new world.
